Address minor obvious typos (#86)
modelica/ssp-ls-traceability: specification/1___introduction.adoc

The detail description of the SSP Traceability data formats is subject of <<sec-stc>> through <<sec-srmd>>.
<<sec-stc>> describes a common set of re-usable metadata description elements.
<<sec-dtmd>> describes how the SSP Traceability data format for documenting Credible Decision Processes are structured and <<sec-stmd>> describes the structure of SSP Traceability data formats for the documentation of Credible Simulation Processes.

> <<sec-srmd>> additionally describes a data format for documenting resource metadata based on resources in the sense of SSP Traceability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<sec-srmd>> additionally describes a data format for documenting metadata of individual resources in the sense of SSP Traceability.
```
